README.md, before:

# MAMBA
This code accompanies the paper "[Scalable Multi-Agent Model-Based Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.15023)".

The repository contains MAMBA implementation as well as fine-tuned hyperparameters in ```configs/dreamer/optimal``` folder.

## Installation

`python3.7` is required

```
pip install wheel
pip install -r requirements.txt 
```

Installing Starcraft:

https://github.com/oxwhirl/smac#installing-starcraft-ii


## Usage

```
python3 train.py --n_workers 2 --env starcraft --env_type 3m
```

Two environments are supported for env flag: starcraft.

### Optimal parameters
To train agents with optimal parameters from the paper they should be copied from `configs/dreamer/optimal/` folder to [DreamerAgentConfig.py](https://github.com/jbr-ai-labs/mamba/blob/main/configs/dreamer/DreamerAgentConfig.py) and [DreamerLearnerConfig.py](https://github.com/jbr-ai-labs/mamba/blob/main/configs/dreamer/DreamerLearnerConfig.py)

## SMAC

<img height="300" alt="starcraft" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22059171/152656435-1634c15b-ca6d-4b23-9383-72fe3759b9e3.png">

The code for the environment can be found at 
[https://github.com/oxwhirl/smac](https://github.com/oxwhirl/smac)


## Code Structure

- ```agent``` contains implementation of MAMBA 
  - ```controllers``` contains logic for inference
  - ```learners``` contains logic for learning the agent
  - ```memory``` contains buffer implementation
  - ```models``` contains architecture of MAMBA
  - ```optim``` contains logic for optimizing loss functions
  - ```runners``` contains logic for running multiple workers
  - ```utils``` contains helper functions
  - ```workers``` contains logic for interacting with environment
- ```env``` contains environment logic
- ```networks``` contains neural network architectures

Commit message:

Added the MultiGrid Environment
Added MultiGrid Environment and everything seems to work properly with it

README.md, after:

# Agree Before Acting through Latent Imagination
This is the code for the paper "[Agree Before Acting through Latent Imagination]()".
This project builds upon the implementation of [MAMBA](https://github.com/jbr-ai-labs/mamba), which serves as the starting point for our code. Additionally, we modify the environment from [gym-multigrid](https://github.com/ArnaudFickinger/gym-multigrid) to suit the needs of this project.
The repository also containes fine-tuned hyperparameters in ```configs/dreamer/optimal``` folder.

## Installation

`python3.7` is required

```
pip install wheel
pip install -r requirements.txt 
```

Installing Starcraft:

https://github.com/oxwhirl/smac#installing-starcraft-ii


## Usage

```
python3 train.py --n_workers 2 --env starcraft --env_type 3m
```

Two environments are supported for env flag: starcraft.

### Optimal parameters
To train agents with optimal parameters from the paper they should be copied from `configs/dreamer/optimal/` folder to [DreamerAgentConfig.py](https://github.com/jbr-ai-labs/mamba/blob/main/configs/dreamer/DreamerAgentConfig.py) and [DreamerLearnerConfig.py](https://github.com/jbr-ai-labs/mamba/blob/main/configs/dreamer/DreamerLearnerConfig.py)

## GYM MULTIGRID
<img height="300" alt="gym_multigrid" src="">

## SMAC

<img height="300" alt="starcraft" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22059171/152656435-1634c15b-ca6d-4b23-9383-72fe3759b9e3.png">

The code for the environment can be found at 
[https://github.com/oxwhirl/smac](https://github.com/oxwhirl/smac)


## Code Structure

- ```agent``` contains implementation of MAMBA 
  - ```controllers``` contains logic for inference
  - ```learners``` contains logic for learning the agent
  - ```memory``` contains buffer implementation
  - ```models``` contains architecture of MAMBA
  - ```optim``` contains logic for optimizing loss functions
  - ```runners``` contains logic for running multiple workers
  - ```utils``` contains helper functions
  - ```workers``` contains logic for interacting with environment
- ```env``` contains environment logic
- ```networks``` contains neural network architectures
